# Workspace

a Workspace

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**id** | **str** | Workspace unique identifier generated by the API | [optional] [readonly] 
**organization_id** | **str** | Organization unique identifier under which the workspace resides | [optional] [readonly] 
**key** | **str** | technical key for resource name convention and version grouping. Must be unique | 
**name** | **str** | Workspace name. This name is display in the sample webApp | 
**description** | **str** | the Workspace description | [optional] 
**linked_dataset_id_list** | **List[str]** | list of dataset linked to this dataset | [optional] 
**version** | **str** | the Workspace version MAJOR.MINOR.PATCH. | [optional] 
**tags** | **List[str]** | the list of tags | [optional] 
**owner_id** | **str** | the user id which own this workspace. set by the API from Authentification service receved id | [optional] [readonly] 
**solution** | [**WorkspaceSolution**](WorkspaceSolution.md) |  | 
**web_app** | [**WorkspaceWebApp**](WorkspaceWebApp.md) |  | [optional] 
**send_input_to_data_warehouse** | **bool** | default setting for all Scenarios and Run Templates to set whether or not the Dataset values and the input parameters values are send to the DataWarehouse prior to the ScenarioRun | [optional] 
**use_dedicated_event_hub_namespace** | **bool** | Set this property to true to use a dedicated Azure Event Hub Namespace for this Workspace. The Event Hub Namespace must be named \\&#39;&lt;organization_id\\&gt;-&lt;workspace_id\\&gt;\\&#39; (in lower case). This Namespace must also contain two Event Hubs named \\&#39;probesmeasures\\&#39; and \\&#39;scenariorun\\&#39;. | [optional] [default to False]
**dedicated_event_hub_sas_key_name** | **str** | the Dedicated Event Hub SAS key name, default to RootManageSharedAccessKey. Ask you DevOps Team to add the associated value to your Workspace Secret | [optional] 
**dedicated_event_hub_authentication_strategy** | **str** | the Event Hub authentication strategy, SHARED_ACCESS_POLICY or TENANT_CLIENT_CREDENTIALS. Default to the one defined for the tenant. | [optional] 
**send_scenario_run_to_event_hub** | **bool** | default setting for all Scenarios and Run Templates to set whether or not the ScenarioRun is send to the Event Hub | [optional] [default to True]
**send_scenario_metadata_to_event_hub** | **bool** | Set this property to false to not send scenario metada to Azure Event Hub Namespace for this Workspace. The Event Hub Namespace must be named \\&#39;&lt;organization_id\\&gt;-&lt;workspace_id\\&gt;\\&#39; (in lower case). This Namespace must also contain two Event Hubs named \\&#39;scenariometadata\\&#39; and \\&#39;scenariorunmetadata\\&#39;. | [optional] [default to False]
**dataset_copy** | **bool** | Activate the copy of dataset on scenario creation, meaning that each scenario created in this workspace will make this copy. when false, scenario use directly the dataset specified. | [optional] [default to True]
**security** | [**WorkspaceSecurity**](WorkspaceSecurity.md) |  | [optional] 

## Example

```python
from cosmotech_api.models.workspace import Workspace

# TODO update the JSON string below
json = "{}"
# create an instance of Workspace from a JSON string
workspace_instance = Workspace.from_json(json)
# print the JSON string representation of the object
print(Workspace.to_json())

# convert the object into a dict
workspace_dict = workspace_instance.to_dict()
# create an instance of Workspace from a dict
workspace_from_dict = Workspace.from_dict(workspace_dict)
```
[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


